1. Pyhthon programming language devloped by 'Guido van Rossum'.

2. Python supports multiple programming paradigms, including structured, object-oriented and functional programming. 

3. Yes, python is a case sensitive language when dealing with identifiers. 

4. .py is the correct extension of python file. 

5. Python code both compiled and interprated. 

6. if (condition):
    # Statement 1
    # Statement 2
    # Statement 3
  else:
    # Statement 4
    # Statement 5
    # Statement 6

7. # Print method to print text
   print("Hello World!"); 

8. To check we need to enter command in window powershell " python --version". 

9. Python supports the creation of anonymous functions at runtime, using a construct called lambda.

10. pip is a package manager for Python packages, or modules.

11. Few built in functions in python are :
     len(), list(), isupper(), islower(), int(), input(), dict(). 

12. The maximum possible length of an identifier is 79 characters in python. 

13. Benefits of python are :
    Extensive support libraries.
    Versatile, Easy to read, learn and write.
    High-level language.
    Portable and Interactive.
    Open source and large active community base.
    Object-Oriented and Procedural  Programming language.

14. Memory managed in python using 'Grabage collection'. It is a process in which the interpreter frees up the memory when not in use to make it available for other objects. 

15. For install python simply click download from python site, and follow up the process. 
    For set path variavle :
     click python at start ---> on right click 'open file location' ---> copy path  ---> search enviroment variables at start ---> click Enviroment variable button in it. ---> There will be two categories namely “User” and “System”, we have to add it in Users, click on New button in the User section. Now, add a Variable Name and Path which we copied previously and click OK. That’s it, DONE!

16. Yes, Indentation required in python, else python throw intentation error. 

